Autopilot:
    1. Discuss the beneficiary registration challenges and solution.
        1.1 We have dynamic recipient data based on the country. So, we are not sure which all the input fields should be there for specific country.
        1.2 Also we have regulatory guidelines for each and every country.
        1.3 Eg. Personal detail field, Kyc detail, Address detail and Bank detail 
        1.4 One of the solution for this was the do the conditional rendering on the ui side for each and every country.
            But there was challenge associated with this is if some country goes on regulatory changes then will have to do the code
            level changes. Which is hectic and time consuming.
        1.5 To avoid that we thought of reading the configurations from database. 
        1.6 So, We have created the two tables
            i) Receivemaster param table 
                The sole purpose of the table was to store all the field and its information eg. display label, description, 
                editable, regex pattern, 
            ii) CountryMasterParam table.
        1.7 We have expose api endpoint which was responsible to return the all the fields which are required or optional 
            based on the country, instrument type(Bank/Wallet). It was returning the fields section wise.
        1.8 Now advantage of using this is user will not have to enter the fields which are not required for the given corridor.
        1.9 Also if some corridor is comming up with new guidelines, No need of having the code level changes.
        1.10 Once this is done was were storing the info in the db table.
        1.11 Let me tell you the table structure for this 
            We have the recipient_kyc table to store kyc relate data 
            recipient_bank for storing bank information
            recipient_wallet for storing wallet related information
            recipient_bank/recipient_wallet is related at manytoone mapping with recipient_kcy table
        1.12 Once the data is saved then we were doing the project creation.
    2. Project creation process and challenges and solution.
        2.1 Project creation is process to schedule the transaction.
        2.2 Here we enter the transaction related information. Eg which type of transaction we want to test B2B, B2P,
            P2B, P2P. Source and destination country and various other field.
        2.3 Here we can create two types of project. Eg. a. One time b. Continuous performance monitoring.
        2.4 If doing One time only one batch is created.
        2.5 For Continuous performance monitoring we can do weekly/monthly/quarterly job scheduling
        2.6 In this cases we have to enter the frequency of the job. How many occurance of this we need. Based on the frequency
            count no of batch is getting created. 
    3. Discuss about the quartz job scheduler.
        3.1 For job scheduling we were using the quartz job scheduler. 
        3.2 Once the project is created we store the information of job in quartz job table.
        3.3 Quartz internally keep moniters the job launch that on the schedule time.
        3.4 When the Project is completed, Success or failed we were removing that from the quartz table.
    4. Discuss how beneficiary validation and transaction are done dynamically for each corridor.
        4.1 When the Project is launch we were selecting the beneficiary from the beneficiary table on the random basis
            for the given corridor.
        4.2 Since the payload were also required to be generated for validation and transaction.
        4.3 So we were utilizing the recive_master_country_param info for generating the payload for beneficiary validation
            and transaction creation dynamically from on the node information stored in recive_master_country_param table.
        4.4 We were storing the transaction data in transaction table for each project.
        4.5 We were storing the validation status and transaction status.
        4.6 Once the transaction Goes into either failed/completed for all transaction in batch. We remove that batch
            from the quartz job scheduler table.


Digii empowers institutions to streamline operations and enhance learning experiences.
It Transforming higher education through innovative digital solutions. 
It provides services for Efficient administration, enhanced learning and enriched campus experience.
It helps in Admissions and Fee
Human Resource Management
Hostel and Mess Automation
Placement Management
Ranking & Accreditation.
